feat: add informer metrics (#983)
defenseunicorns/pepr: docs/030_user-guide/120_customization.md

| Field                        | Description                                                                                                      | Example Values                  |
|------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------|

> | `PEPR_RESYNC_FAILURE_MAX`    | The maximum number of times to fail on a relist interval before re-establishing the url and doing a relist    | default: `"5"`                |

Reviewer: Aren't the "resync" and "relist" intervals separate things..?  Should a "RESYNC" varialbe be controlling the "relist" operation?  Typo, maybe..?

Author: They are two different things but they are related. Once you hit the failureRetryMax, it does a `this.#watch` which does a list. https://github.com/defenseunicorns/kubernetes-fluent-client/blob/6a936fd89ed20de0f36c5d7ada96242be84cd92a/src/fluent/watch.ts#L471

Author: this.list being in watch https://github.com/defenseunicorns/kubernetes-fluent-client/blob/6a936fd89ed20de0f36c5d7ada96242be84cd92a/src/fluent/watch.ts#L360

Author: which is what relist does on the interval

Reviewer: Righto.  Still seems kinda strange to define a "resync failure max" limit in terms of a failure of _relist_ intervals though (since the relists are a downstream consequence of the resync failures), no?  Would it be inaccurate to say instead:

"The maximum number of times to fail on a **resync** interval before re-establishing the watch URL and doing a relist."

Author: yeah good idea, nice word smithing

> | `PEPR_RESYNC_FAILURE_MAX`    | The maximum number of times to fail on a relist interval before re-establishing the url and doing a relist    | default: `"5"`                |

Author: ```suggestion
| `PEPR_RESYNC_FAILURE_MAX`    | The maximum number of times to fail on a resync interval before re-establishing the watch URL and doing a relist. | default: `"5"`                |
```

> | `PEPR_RETRYDELAYSECONDS`     | The delay between retries in seconds.                                                                            | default: `"10"`                 |
> | `PEPR_RESYNCINTERVALSECONDS` | Amount of seconds to wait before a forced-resyncing of the watch list                                            | default: `"300"` (5 mins)       |

Author: ```suggestion
| `PEPR_RETRY_DELAY_SECONDS`     | The delay between retries in seconds.                                                                            | default: `"10"`                 |
| `PEPR_RESYNC_INTERVAL_SECONDS` | Amount of seconds to wait before a forced-resyncing of the watch list                                            | default: `"300"` (5 mins)       |
```

> | `PEPR_RESYNC_INTERVAL_SECONDS` | Amount of seconds to wait before a forced-resyncing of the watch list                                            | default: `"300"` (5 mins)       |

Author: ```suggestion
| `PEPR_LAST_SEEN_LIMIT_SECONDS` | Max seconds to go without receiving a watch event before re-establishing the watch | default: `"300"` (5 mins)       |
```

> | `PEPR_RELISTINTERVALSECONDS` | Amount of seconds to wait before a relist of the watched resources  | default: `"1800"` (30 mins)       |

Author: ```suggestion
| `PEPR_RELIST_INTERVAL_SECONDS` | Amount of seconds to wait before a relist of the watched resources  | default: `"1800"` (30 mins)       |
```
